# MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 sashiro

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

This modification is licensed under the terms of the MIT License, with the following additional conditions:

1. Redistribution of the compiled files generated by the author is strictly prohibited, except under the following
   circumstances:
    - The source code has been modified from its original form, and the modifications are clearly indicated.
    - Permission has been obtained from the author for redistribution of the compiled files.
   - The redistributed compiled files must not include original textures, as they are licensed under: "All Rights
     Reserved".

2. Redistributions of the provided source code and any modifications made to it are permitted under the terms of the MIT
   License.

3. For inquiries regarding redistribution of the compiled files, please contact the author for permission.

4. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
   Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
